Update gRPC troubleshooting with HttpClient.Timeout (#33141)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/grpc/troubleshoot.md

For more information about using `Grpc.Tools` with unsupported architectures, see the [gRPC build integration documentation](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/src/csharp/BUILD-INTEGRATION.md#using-grpctools-with-unsupported-architectures).

## gRPC call timeout from `HttpClient.Timeout`

<xref:System.Net.Http.HttpClient> is configured with a 100 second timeout by default. If a `GrpcChannel` is configured to use an `HttpClient`, long-running gRPC streaming calls are canceled if they don’t complete within the timeout limit.

```output

> > System.OperationCanceledException: The request was canceled due to the configured HttpClient.Timeout of 100 seconds elapsing.

Author: ```suggestion
System.OperationCanceledException: The request was canceled due to the configured HttpClient.Timeout of 100 seconds elapsing.
```

For more information about using `Grpc.Tools` with unsupported architectures, see the [gRPC build integration documentation](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/src/csharp/BUILD-INTEGRATION.md#using-grpctools-with-unsupported-architectures).

## gRPC call timeout from `HttpClient.Timeout`

> <xref:System.Net.Http.HttpClient> is configured with a 100 second timeout by default. If a `GrpcChannel` is configured to use a `HttpClient` then long running gRPC streaming calls are canceled if they don't complete within the timeout limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<xref:System.Net.Http.HttpClient> is configured with a 100 second timeout by default. If a `GrpcChannel` is configured to use an `HttpClient`, long-running gRPC streaming calls are canceled if they don’t complete within the timeout limit.
```

> <xref:System.Net.Http.HttpClient> is configured with a 100 second timeout by default. If a `GrpcChannel` is configured to use a `HttpClient` then long running gRPC streaming calls are canceled if they don't completed don't complete within the timeout limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<xref:System.Net.Http.HttpClient> is configured with a 100 second timeout by default. If a `GrpcChannel` is configured to use a `HttpClient` then long running gRPC streaming calls are canceled if they don't complete within the timeout limit.
```

> > System.OperationCanceledException: The request was canceled due to the configured HttpClient.Timeout of 100 seconds elapsing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```output
> System.OperationCanceledException: The request was canceled due to the configured HttpClient.Timeout of 100 seconds elapsing.
```
```
